Author's Integrity License v 0.5
Copyright [YEAR] - [AUTHOR NAME]

1. License
	[PROJECT NAME] (the Work) is made available free of charge to any 
	Individual for personal use provided Limitations (Section 2) are observed.

	The Author hereby grants a license to any Creative to freely use, sample, remix, 
	or redistribute the Work provided Limitations (Section 2) are observed.

2. Limitations
	2.1 Redistribution Integrity
	    2.1.1 Redistribution of the Work is granted to any Individual except in the 
	    following instances:
	    	• Linking to, embedding, re-uploading, or otherwise sharing the Work using 
		  thumbnails, headlines, or body copy which mislead or Misrepresent the 
		  Work of the Author OR
      		• No omission of any part of the original Work has occurred. Should 
		  omission of any part of this Work occur, said work shall fall under the
		  terms of Section 2.2 - Derivative Integrity.
	2.2 Derivative Integrity
	    2.2.1 The Creative may sample portions of the Original Content except when 
	    Derivative works:
      		• Intentionally Misrepresent the Original Content OR
      		• Include Sponsored or Paid Content (in part or in full) OR
		• Plagiarize the work in question, this includes remixing the work as part 
		  of a GAN- or GPT-style transformation (see Section 2.3)
		• An attempt is made to obscure the source of this Work, this includes the
		  the use of GAN- or GPT-style transformation (see Section 2.3)
	2.3 Prohibited Usage
	    2.3.1 No Individual or Creative shall use this Work, or cause this Work to be 
	    used, for the purpose of training neural networks, computer learning algorithms,
	    artificial intelligence, deep learning, generative pre-trained transformer, 
	    voice recognition software, or generative adversarial networks, (collectively, 
	    GANs).
      		  • Voice recognition software for the purpose of creating text transcripts
		    of the Work is allowed if:
          		◦ The terms of Derivative Works (Section 2.2) are met AND
          		◦ Training data are NOT stored AND
			◦ The Author has NOT marked the Work as unavailable for text 
			  transcription either in the Work's metadata or within the Work
			  itself
	    2.3.2 No Individual or Creative shall use this Work, or cause this Work to be 
	    used, in the production of so-called Deepfakes. This includes but is not 
	    limited to:
      		  • Synthesizing the likeness of the Author (or any persons included in 
		  this Work) including visual, audio, or other mediums OR
	    	  • Synthesizing the writing style, speech patterns, or other attributes
		  of the Work
   	    2.3.3 No Individual or Creative shall use this Work, or cause this Work to 
	    be used, to produce documents, code, or derivative works in the style of 
	    this Work. This includes, but is not limited to:
	    	  • Textual or written works, text documents, etc.
	    	  • Code snippets, functionally similar code, GAN- or GPT-style
		  transformed code, etc.
		  • Summaries, breakdowns, explanations, or other instructional
		  content.
	    2.3.4 The inclusion of this section is not intended to be an exhaustive 
	    list of prohibited uses.
	    
3. Intent
      The purpose of this license is to preserve the integrity of the Author’s message, their
      intent, the rights, and the context of the Author’s protected Work.

      This license SHOULD NOT be interpreted as a means of shielding the Author or the Work
      from criticism, parody, satire, or other protected speech.

      The abuse thereof would constitute an UNAUTHORIZED REMIX of these terms (this document
      is recursively licensed) and would result in a nullification of Author’s right to apply
      these terms to their own Work.

      (See Section 2.2 Derivative Works)

4. Licensing
      The terms of this license apply to ALL Derivatives of this Work. Any Creative who makes a
      Derivative Work using the Original Content—or who Redistributes the Work—agrees to be
      bound by the terms laid out in this license.

      Failure to comply with these terms will result in the non-compliant Creative having their
      license to use the Work rescinded, past and future licenses from the same non-compliant
      Author nullified (at the original Author’s discretion), and possible legal action taken on
      behalf of the original Author.

      Supplemental information can be found at github.com/heavyelement/ail
